Several experiments were tested to look at the effects of changing hyperparameters of M, maxIter and S. 
Decreasing the number of iterations while keeping M constant caused the accuracy to slightly decrease. This is 
probably because with less iterations, the model is learning less about the data, and can perform worse. I found
that decreasing the number of speakers causes the model to reach 100% accuracy quite easily. This might be because
since there are less potential speakers to choose from, its easier for the model to identify who is speaking. The
classification accuracy also slightly decreases with a smaller M. This can be because since there are less components,
there are less learnable parameters so the model is not representing the training data as well. With an M of 32, in only
1 epoch, the model managed to reach 100% accuracy. This can be because the model distinguished the 32 speakers 
as 32 different components, and thus was able to reach perfect accuracy.

One way to improve accuracy could be to increase the number of components. This is because if the complexity of the data
is not being represented in the current model, then increasing the complexity may cause the accuracy to increase. 

A good way for the model to decide that a given utterance is from none of the trained speakers 
would be to put a threshold on the log likelihood for a given speaker and model. This way, the log likelihood
needs to pass a certain likeliness in order for the model to decide that its from the training set. 
Otherwise, the model will deem that since the probabiliy below the threshold, its too low to make a clear decision
and thus, theres a good chance the utterance is from none of the trained speakers.

Some alternative methods for speaker identification without GMM might be with 
a neural network with the output layer as a fully conneted layer with outputs equal to the number
of speakers. With a softmax activation, the model will assign probabilities to each speaker, and we can find out
which speaker is the most likely. 
